Add docs for refresh-token support to OAuth2 (#13009)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/security/oauth2.rst

     - The field of the access token used for the Trino user principal. Defaults to ``sub``. Other commonly used fields include ``sAMAccountName``, ``name``, ``upn``, and ``email``.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.groups-field``
     - The field of the access token used for Trino groups. The corresponding claim value must be an array.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens``
     - Set to true for enabling refresh token flow. Additionally ``offline`` scope should be specified in ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.scopes``.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.timeout``

>      - Expiration time for issued token. It should be lesser than or equal to duration of refresh token issued by IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Expiration time for issued token. Value must be lesser than or equal to the duration of the refresh token expiration issued by the IdP.
```

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.issuer``

>      - Issuer representing this coordinator instance, that will be used in the issued token. Current Trino version will be added to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Issuer representing this coordinator instance, that is used in the issued token. The current Trino version is appended to the value.
```

Question though .. why is the version added. What is the result of this?

Reviewer: We should add that reasoning

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.audience``

>      - Audience representing this coordinator instance, that will be used in issued token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Audience representing this coordinator instance, that is used in the issued token.
```

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.secret-key``

>      - Base64 encoded secret key used to encrypt generated token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Base64 encoded secret key used to encrypt the generated token.
```

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.groups-field``
     - The field of the access token used for Trino groups. The corresponding claim value must be an array.

> Refresh Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh tokens
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In order to start using refresh tokens flows, the following property must be enabled it in the coordinator configuration.

Reviewer: Please wrap all paragraphs at 80 columns

.. code-block:: properties

    http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens=true

> ``offline`` scope should also be specified as a part of oauth2 scopes

Reviewer 2: I would rather go with something like: `additional scopes for offline access might be required, depending on your IdP configuration`

> Additional scopes for offline access might be required, depending on IdP configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional scopes for offline access might be required, depending on IdP configuration.
```

.. code-block:: properties

>     http-server.authentication.oauth2.scopes=openid,offline

Reviewer 2: `openid,offline_access [or offline]` // openid is the default scope and when someone will remove it, idps will  switch to OAuth2 flows, rather than openid (so potentially no things like groups handling etc.)

The following configuration properties are available:

> .. list-table:: OAuth2 configuration properties for Refresh flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. list-table:: OAuth2 configuration properties for refresh flow
```

   :widths: 40 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Property
     - Description
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.timeout``

>      - Expiration time for issued token. Value must be lesser than or equal to the duration of the refresh token expiration issued by the IdP. Default is ``1h``.

Reviewer: Please wrap and

less than or equal to

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.issuer``

>      - Issuer representing this coordinator instance, that is used in the issued token. The current Trino version is appended to the value.

Reviewer: the coordinator instance
```suggestion
     - Issuer representing the coordinator instance, that is referenced in the issued token. The current Trino version is appended to the value.
```

>        This will be mainly used for debugging purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This is mainly used for debugging purposes.
```

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.audience``
     - Audience representing this coordinator instance, that is used in the issued token.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.secret-key``

>      - Base64 encoded secret key used to encrypt the generated token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Base64-encoded secret key used to encrypt the generated token.
```

   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.groups-field``
     - The field of the access token used for Trino groups. The corresponding claim value must be an array.

Refresh tokens
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In order to start using refresh tokens flows, the following property must be

> enabled it in the coordinator configuration.

Reviewer 2: without `it`

.. code-block:: properties

    http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens=true

Additional scopes for offline access might be required, depending on
IdP configuration.

.. code-block:: properties

    http-server.authentication.oauth2.scopes=openid,offline_access [or offline]

The following configuration properties are available:

.. list-table:: OAuth2 configuration properties for refresh flow
   :widths: 40 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Property
     - Description
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.timeout``
     - Expiration time for issued token. Value must be less than or equal to
       the duration of the refresh token expiration issued by the IdP.
       Default is ``1h``.

>    * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.issuer``

Author: Added them

IdP configuration.

.. code-block:: properties

    http-server.authentication.oauth2.scopes=openid,offline_access [or offline]

The following configuration properties are available:

.. list-table:: OAuth2 configuration properties for refresh flow
   :widths: 40 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Property
     - Description
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.timeout``
     - Expiration time for issued token. Value must be less than or equal to
       the duration of the refresh token expiration issued by the IdP.
       Defaults to ``1h``.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.issuer``
     - Issuer representing the coordinator instance, that is referenced in the
       issued token, defaults to ``Trino_coordinator``. The current
       Trino version is appended to the value. This is mainly used for
       debugging purposes.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.issued-token.audience``
     - Audience representing this coordinator instance, that is used in the
       issued token. Defaults to ``Trino_coordinator``.
   * - ``http-server.authentication.oauth2.refresh-tokens.secret-key``

>      - Base64-encoded secret key used to encrypt the generated token.

Reviewer 3: By default it's generated during startup.
